docs(refactor): tutorials MTA-1810 (#444)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/setup-minecraft/index.mdx

  h1: Create your own Minecraft server
  paragraph: This page shows you what steps are required to host your own Minecraft server on a Scaleway Elements Instance.
tags: Minecraft gameserver self-hosted instance ubuntu
categories:
  - compute
  - instances
dates:
  validation: 2022-03-01
  posted: 2019-11-15
---

## Minecraft - Overview

In 2011 one of the most popular video games was released: [Minecraft](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/).

> Developed by the Swedish company [Mojang](https://www.mojang.com/), it has been sold more than 176 million times. Today Minecraft counts more than 112 million monthly active players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developed by the Swedish company [Mojang](https://www.mojang.com/), it has reached over 176 million sales. Today Minecraft counts more than 112 million monthly active players.
```
